Today, I completed my eighth course in my Cybersecurity Master's Program. Although the final grade has not been released yet, I will be passing with an A.
That's the only good news. The bad news is my attempt to install and configure Wazuh. A while ago, I took on the task of installing Proxmox onto an
old gaming desktop I have so that I could use it as a hub for running VMs and containers. The regular setup part went fine, but the problem was connecting
the computer to the web API. Once I managed to access the interface, I was unable to proceed because I kept running into an authentication error. My
attempts to fix this failed, and, becoming incredibly frustrated, I put it on the backburner.

Fast Forward to the present, and I decided to take on the project of deploying a SIEM so I can track and manage my home network for better
security. I chose Wazuh since it's free and open-source. I would quickly learn, however, that I would once again fall into the same problem.
After installing Ubuntu Server onto the gaming PC, I managed to successfully connect to it via SSH on my primary laptop. This felt great,
and allowed me to gain some more knowledge of the CLI and Powershell. Unfortunately, that's where the fun ended. The next two hours were filled with
frantic forum-searching, errors, and a conversation loop with Grok. 

I did such things as starting, restarting and verifying that the Wazuh Services were installed correctly, verify that the device could connect to the internet,
reconfigure the firewall, manually edit the .yml files in an effort to reassign port numbers and IP addresses, and attempted to create missing directories
from scratch.

The issues were that I could not connect to tthe Web API. At first, it claimed that the response time was taking too long, then after some of the above 
tinkering, it said the connection was refused. I consulted Grok, who provided much of the troubleshooting advice. However, this advice began to loop, and I
realized I was getting nowhere closer to solving the problem. I don't know how to fix this problem so once again, I am putting this on the backburner
and if I do pick it up again, I may switch to Splunk, or another SIEM that doesn't require me to connect to a web API.
